Through out this internship, I have learnt a lot of new topics under machine learning which are very useful for starting a career in data science field. 
In this internship, I have used Linear Regression, Decision Tree, train test split method, statsmodel.api method, matplotlib, pandas, numpy etc techniques to complete the given task for predicting values and plotting the resulting graph.
From the given student dataset, i have learnt, how to do cleaning of a given dataset, choosing a model, training and testing it and atlast predicting the future values. In this internship task, i have learnt the basics of data cleaning, since data cleaning is the most important part for predicting the future values of a machine learning project successfully.
First of all i cleaned the data given in the dataset provided by creating a new column Final Grade, which is sum of the 3 columns namely G1, G2, G3. Than, I used LabelEncoder method to convert the categorical features of the datase into its numerical values.
After this the final dataset was ready to get trained and tested.
Then the independent column was taken as y in form of 1D array. And the rest dependent columns were taken as X except G3 column in the dataset as per the given condition.
After selecting the dependent and independent columns. Than the new dataset was trained and tested using train_test_split method with a test size 0f 0.2 that is 80% of the dataset will be used in training of the data and 20% will be used in the testing of data.
After testing of the data, linear regression technique was used to predict the grades of a student using with an accuracy of 96 %. Then i checked the accuracy using statsmodel.api method to know, how many independent variables give the maximum accuracy. I got an accuracy of 98.15 % (23 columns), that is instead of using all of the dependent columns we can use only 23 columns out of 31 columns to get maximum accuracy. The 23 columns are Medu, Fedu, traveltime, studytime, failures, famrel, freetime, goout, Dalc, Walc, health, absences, G1, G2, school_n, age_n, Mjob_n, Fjob_n, reason_n, nursery_n, higher_n, internet_n, romantic_n.
From this dataset it can be inferred that, the final grade of a student mainly depends upon study time, failures, health. And this was proved by Linear Regression technique.
Since Machine learning is a very vast field, where there are a lot of interesting topics to be learnt and practiced and opportunities to be prevailed. So after getting all the required in-depth knowledge about machine learning and data science, i will be able to perform advanced project.
